Update for Action Page (#129)
InnerSourceCommons/innersourcecommons.org: events/isc-spring-2020.md

We're planning to have a contest as well as icebreaker during the first moments of this, do not miss this! 

### COVID-19 and InnerSource Commons current Status

As of now, the InnerSource Commons Madrid Summit is taking place.
However, not in Madrid, Spain.

The current situation as you all know has quickly evolved and we all need to be socially responsible.
Our first priority is the safety of everyone and we have decided to celebrate the April meeting as a *virtual* meeting where we all can keep collaborating, and learning from each other.

If you have already registered and paid for the ticket entry, you have several options:
* We do a refunding as soon as we get notified by you.
* You are still interested in participating. For this, we would like to ask you to support the InnerSource Commons. We ask for a small fee and you will get a t-shirt and some stickers.

>   * Then you can decide whether you want to keep the fee you already paid, thanks a lot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *If you already bought a ticket with the higher fee, you can donate the difference of ~20EUR to the InnerSource Commons. In this case: Thank you!
```

>   * Or if you prefer to have a partial refunding down to this new fee, we will proceed accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *If you already bought a ticket with the higher fee, you can also get a partial refund of the difference.
```
